CS541_project2

The project was to implement micro-facet BRDF.The project was implemented using the previous project
and it has same control as the previous project. This was the first time I was working with light shader and
I had small problem with the eye position in the shader.The problem was the eye position was calculated in the
shader with worldview and the position was not calculated as expected.So I changed the calculation of eye
position by using the inverse worldview matrix.Other than that I followed the instructions from the handout
for the project.

The values are also used from the handout,expect the value of I(intensity) which is 3.0 as I experimented
with the values and found that it looks better with this value.

Also the driving instructions from the project 1 is listed below:

The default case for this project is Task 2.To change from task 2 to task 3 press '3' and to change back to
task 2 press '2'.

For default case:
Rotate:To perform rotation in the scene press and hold left mouse button and move in left direction to rotate 
right and vice versa. The reason choose this way was because it seemed natural movement which we usaully have 
in mostly all interact navigation applications and websites.Spin can be perfomed by moving mouse in left or
right direction and holding left mouse button. Tilt can be performed by moving mouse in up or down direction
and holding left mouse button.

Translate: To perform translate press and hold right mouse button and drag on left or right side to move in 
respective directions.

Zoom: To zoom in or out use mouse scroll(Middle mouse button) up or down to zoom in or out respectively.

Window shape change: The aspect ratio of the window is changed whenever the size of window is changed so the
scene does not look distorted.

For first person camera case:

Interactive navigations using Keyboard: Use 'w' to move ahead,'a' to move left,'s' to move back and 'd' to 
move right(when facing in forward direction).

Interactive navigations using Mouse:Hold left mouse button and drag in right direction to turn head left,
drag in left to turn head right,drag up to turn head up and drag down to turn head down.
