CS541_Project 3

The project was to implement the shadow maps using using the lighting done in the previous project.The project
was implemented using the previous project. In this project I got some issues regarding the shadow view matrix
as I used glm to calculate the view matrix and the custom matrix is different from that we are using the
project. It took me time to figure out that we did not had to transpose the glm matrix when passing in the
shader. If I was passing the matrix as a transpose I was not getting the result as I wanted. For debugging
purpose I did not use the FBO and commented out the light shader from the code to check if it was working
correctly. After trying out few things I figured out the problem and passed the matrix with out transposing.

I followed almost everything that was in the handout for this project but I made some minor changes in the 
project which I think are giving me some better results than the one I got without using them. I changed the
perspective matrix for the shadow calculations so that shadows do not go out of bounds. However, I do not know
how to solve the problem of shadows dis appearing if the light was too close to the object and below the surface.
In this particular situation the shadows suddenly disapper which are very close to the light. I tried solving 
it but I could not do that.

For removing the shadow acne, I experimented with some values which I used in the lighting shader ranging from
0.1 to 0.00000001 and found the value which is used right now to be better fit to remove most of the acne.
I also used Cull face front to get rid of the shadow that were covering half of the object even when there is
no shadow on the object.

For the FBO and shadow shader,they are initialized in the initialize scene in scene.cpp, I used 1024X1024 for
FBO as the width and height as I think most of the values we use are in powers of 2.Apart from this, the 
start of the light is far so light is to be moved closer to the scene so see the shadows. The shadow
calculation is done for entire scene so I thought moving the light far away would be a better option to
test. The program starts with light too far so there are no shadows at the beginning until light is in range.

The input remains the same as it was in the previous project.